README.md, before:

# Hi there! I'm Alice Beatriz! 👋

I'm a **Data Analyst** focused on **data preparation, data visualization, data modeling**, and **cloud computing**.

🏢 I’m currently working at **@Itau-Unibanco**  
💻 I'm currently focused on learning **Math, Python, AI, Machine Learning, Data Science, and MLOps**  

## ⭐ Certifications
- 🎓 Bachelor in **Statistics**  
- 🎓 Technologist in **Big Data and Analytical Intelligence**  
- 🛠 Specializing in **Machine Learning Engineering**
- 🏅 **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner**

## 🛠 Tools
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Spark-E25A1C?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-spark&logoColor=white)

---

## Contact

💼 LinkedIn: [Alice Beatriz](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alice-beatriz-273a60179?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)  
📫 Email: alicebiasilva24@gmail.com

Commit message:

Add YouTube channel section to README
Added a section for the YouTube channel with a link.

README.md, after:

# Hi there! I'm Alice Beatriz! 👋

I'm a **Data Analyst** focused on **data preparation, data visualization, data modeling**, and **cloud computing**.

🏢 I’m currently working at **@Itau-Unibanco**  
💻 I'm currently focused on learning **Math, Python, AI, Machine Learning, Data Science, and MLOps**  

## ⭐ Certifications
- 🎓 Bachelor in **Statistics**  
- 🎓 Technologist in **Big Data and Analytical Intelligence**  
- 🛠 Specializing in **Machine Learning Engineering**
- 🏅 **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner**

## 🎥 Youtube Channel 
[Click here to see me presenting and talking about my projects](https://www.youtube.com/@alice_biahs)

## 🛠 Tools
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Spark-E25A1C?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache-spark&logoColor=white)

---

## Contact

💼 LinkedIn: [Alice Beatriz](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alice-beatriz-273a60179?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)  
📫 Email: alicebiasilva24@gmail.com
